---
defaults:
  # _posts
  - scope:
      path: ""
      type: posts
    values:
      layout: single
      author_profile: true
      read_time: true
      comments: true
      share: true
      related: true
id: 102
title: Day 16 Live Oak
date: 2008-06-06T15:06:24+00:00
author: admin
#layout: post
guid: http://www.tomgertin.com/?p=102
#permalink: /gear-up-florida/day-16-live-oak/
categories:
  - Gear Up Florida
---
#### Day 16
  
May 30, 2008
  
Live Oak, FL
  
Written by
  
Will Sigman &#8211; 1998 graduate from the University of Washington
  
John Schuler – 1998 graduate from Southern Polytechnic State University.

We would just like to start out by thanking our family, friends and sponsors for supporting us and Push America in helping us raise more money than any other Gear Up Florida team. As of today we have raised over ninety thousands dollars and we are still expecting more donations. The trip so far has been amazing but has gone by in flash. It is hard to comprehend how such long days can go by so quickly. We couldn’t believe that it was already day 16 and we only had today and tomorrow left before the trip was over. Every day has been filled from before sunrise to late in the evening with incredible programming, friendship visits, cycling and bonding with the other team members.

We started our morning at the **Howard Johnson** hotel in Jacksonville with an amazing bacon egg and cheese casserole and homemade biscuits for breakfast sponsored by **Amanda Bonner**. We departed Jacksonville with our bikes on the racks for the first couple of miles due to road construction on our way to the first of two ninety mile days. Everyone rode really well today and the entire team got into lodging at **Suwanee middle school early**. After a couple of weeks on the bikes we are starting to get past the sore legs and bodies and be able to get through the miles. After a rolling lunch stop of left over pizza we were ready to get to lodging and have dinner and our last friendship visit with the **Comprehensive Community Services** group from Live Oak. We met with about ten people from the **CCS** and had a great time getting to know them. They were very excited to see us and for some it was the third year in a row sharing dinner with us.
